THIS DOCUMENT IS OUTDATED. SOME THINGS THAT ARE WRITTEN HERE DO NOT APPLY TO THE BASELINE CANON OR MAINSITE POSTS. PLEASE REFER TO Scalyfoot#0575 ON DISCORD IF YOU HAVE QUESTIONS.
GROUP OF INTEREST: Omega Iota
TYPE: International oligarchical anomalous hierarchy-society
AUTHORITY GOI THREAT CODES: Authority-aware, Unknown, Unveiled, Seeker, Sculptor, Structured, Multinational


Omega Iota (a.k.a. Three Eyes, The Grand Trustsmanship, The Brotherhood, The Leviathan, and The Omega Iota Fellowship; demonyms: Brother/Sister (internal), Trustsman, Cricket, Mummy) is a centralized paranormal organization dedicated to the experimentation of anomalies and the utilization of magic in the best interests of the global elite. It is administered by ten anomalous individuals, called Ministers, some of which exhibit entirely non-human traits. The Ministers resemble extra dimensional entities, despite being genetically human. Omega Iota operates entirely on the belief that the masses are ignorant, weak, and are unable to survive the anomalous due to the current socio-economic-political climate’s dependency on organizations like the UNAAC and RPC Authority, and believes the elite must use the anomalous to evolve into a godlike race destined to guide and rule over humanity. OI sees the masses as a means to an end, no better than cattle, and pledges that they are ignorant and undeserving of ascension.







Above - Talisman commonly used to represent the modern Omega Iota. It is Éliphas Lévi's Tetragrammaton pentagram, which he considered to be a symbol of the microcosm, or human being. It was first used in OI documents in the early 1920s. This is not their official logo. Adapted by the Ministry to represent Neosapiens.  

The two symbols most commonly associated with OI are the greek capital letters ΩΙ (Omega Iota, hence its namesake, also referential to its history) and Éliphas Lévi's Tetragrammaton pentagram (see above).
Complete History of Omega Iota
Early History
        Omega Iota found its first roots as a university fraternity in Harvard University called the Omega Iota Society. It was originally founded in 1856. Its symbols were the star, book, and sword. Its motto was Scientiam Veritatis Pervenientes (“Knowledge of the Truth”). It had two unofficial divisions, each developing their own unique nickname which would later become officialized within the society: 
“The Compass”: The remnants of the fraternity's earliest days, when it was founded. Its most notable members were the founders of the student society: Sheldon Kendall, Jess Cowden, Kasey Evered, and Arron Sandford. 
“Middle Echelon”: Members who joined the Omega Iota Society after 1859, primarily from 1862-1864. Notable members are Scott Rakes and Lane Adamson, who would later become greatly influential students, introducing occult-inspired studies and beliefs to the society as well as becoming involved within the paranormal world during their later years as alumni. 
    
    The Omega Iota Society had an emphasis on philosophy, history, and other similar academic subjects of socio-philosophical nature. Jess Cowden, one of the fraternity’s original founders, would go on to graduate from Harvard in 1859, and would remain an alumni until 1867. 
    From 1860-1867,  Jess Cowden would go on to work as a paranormal freelancer, working as a distinguished professor for an-orgs, including the RPC Authority on some occasions.

    TLDW; Scott Rakes and Lane Adamson have ties with a bunch of anomalous sorcerers from beyond, and they exposed the Society to their occultist philosophies. Jess joined Scott and Lane and disappeared for ten years, yet somehow managed to back up the more powerful members of the Society financially. 
    Basically, Jess went with Scott and Lane on a journey through Purgatory, which is the hexagonal frozen desert seen in RPC-830. Think of it as The Dream-Quest of Unknown Kadath, but if Lovecraft took 12 tabs of LSD and only released snippets of each chapter. Basically, Jess returns 18 years later. Sheldon Kendall, Kasey Evered, and Arron Sandford have become professional businessmen. Jess has reincarnated as some hobo on the street, and he uses some memetic magic thingy majig to get them to remember him. 
    Eventually, the gang reforms the Society as the modern Omega Iota we know today. Jess and co. study up on more advanced forms of memetic magitech and begin recruiting anomalous freelancers. They slowly gain influence via the unstable climate of the paranormal world in the 1830s-1850s, the recruitment and indoctrination of sorcerers by way of Rakian and Adamsonian Philosophy (our current system is broken, only an elite few who have used the anomalous to become gods are fit to lead us and end war), and the experimentation of early memetic agents and cognitohazards. 
    1863; Omega Iota now has several undercover moles in the political systems of several nations, Jess Cowden and co. have merged into a single demi-godlike being encased in an obsidian coffin called the Sepulcrum Auream, and contacts with several elite figures (not stupid celebrities, mind you) who know a little something something about the paranormal behind the Authority’s backs. A few corrupt Authority researchers are also in on it. Also, they’ve got bank.
    Eventually, the Jess Omni-incarnate is split into ten other modules, called Ministers, who are worshipped in the same vein as a mob boss and behave in a manner similar to that of HAL-9000 mixed with AM (before he seethed). The Ministers are in charge of OI. How do they make money? Smuggling, international para-political espionage under the cover of night, and experiments. 
    WWII starts and ends. OI recruits and sometimes abducts former GARD personnel in hiding, and really goes full Jimmy Neutron on its experimentation. They butt heads with the UNAAC, and become their rivals. To the Ministers, the UNAAC embodies everything Rakian-Adamsonian Philosophy is against: the powers-that-be taking anomalous matters into their own hands and cementing current, democratic governmental systems into its containment. As quoted by Ascriber on the Lore Server; 
    “Why not use anomalies to better the world? We already control mostly everything. Why can't we use all the tools at our disposal? Things will be worse for the masses if we stand back and fight with the same old politics and economics.”
    That’s what they think, anyway. Also the OI absorbed several very small GoIs, one of which was an anomalous freelance militia who were basically transformed into the emotionless, robotic soldiers comprising each Tracer Unit-- their fucked up version of MSTs.

I still have to work on a precise timeline of all this stuff, but I wouldn’t mind most of Omega Iota’s lore remaining really vague and ambiguous.
    Omega Iota operates on the belief that humanity is weak, and is designed to be commanded by beings greater than them. To them, the UNAAC and RPCA are only delaying the inevitable. The OI thinks that the select few that manage to prove themselves to the Ministers by exerting influence and control over the masses will be able to become gods by anomalous means, and rule over the human race. Adamsonian philosophy teaches that the masses are sheep, led only by their desires. It just so happens that their desires lead to humanity’s suffering and demise. By controlling their desires, the elite can guide humanity to prosperity. The ultimate end goal is for a new race to be created; a godlike species called the “Neosapiens” that have the power to judge and exert ultimate authority over the earth. These neosapiens will be the defenders of the human race and enjoy a “mind free of the meaningless ambitions of humanity at large.” Basically, the OI hates democracy and, to a degree, individualism. Their goal is not to merge all countries into a single fascist superstate, but to assemble a league of gods who fascistically rule over all humans. The Ministry believes in things like eugenics, fascism, and base their actions off the things Jess saw in Purgatory as a sort of prophecy. 
    The Roman god Veritas is a big part of their philosophy. They believe Veritas is the first neosapien, and the chosen few are destined to pick up her legacy and rid humanity of cowardice and degeneracy. Jess documented Veritas several times in his journal while he was in Purgatory. There’s also a thing in there about Veritas raping Jess and bearing his children. He killed them and ate them with Scott, making their souls one with the neosapien hybrids. That’s why Jess and co. merged into the first Minister apparently. Veritas is DA1.
The UNAAC-Leviathan Wars
    Through 1953-1960, several conflicts occurred between the UNAAC and Omega Iota, mainly stemming from the accidental discovery of the Damascene Stronghold in Syria. There is no single war, but rather a collection of numerous guerilla assault campaigns peddled by both GoIs. Several AoIs, most notably MI13, supported the UNAAC with financial and military aid. These conflicts were halted when the 1960 Worms Treaty was introduced due to fears of an information crisis.
The 1953 Battle of the Damascene Stronghold
    Accidental discovery of the Damascene Stronghold. Triggered response from the UNISAAF in which Omega Iota retaliated. Lasted for the better part of eight months before OI forces were driven out. Decisive UNAAC victory, minimum baseline interference.
The 1955 & 1956 Battles of Sinai
Series of conflicts in the Sinai Peninsula. Decisive Omega Iota victories both times, minimum baseline interference.
1956 Mecca Crisis
    UNISAAF operatives are attacked in Mecca by ISAC Maghreb. Authority-mandated truce due to severe baseline interference. Largest cover-up operation of the year 1935.
1960 Times Square Incident
    Little is known about the Times Square Incident, as it has been heavily covered up by Omega Iota. Believed by the Authority to have been triggered in part due to UNISAAF forces.
The 1960 Worms Treaty:
In 1960, the Worms Treaty was signed by the Ministry and the Secretariat signed a sort of peace treaty after a series of conflicts in Lebanon and Jordan. The RPC Authority supervised the event, yet out of courtesy and to maintain peace between the three organizations, they abided by some of the document’s regulations.
Article 1: The UNAAC and Omega Iota are forbidden from attacking their respective facilities, personnel, and assets.
Article 2: Omega Iota  and Authority may freely cooperate if each side pleases, and the UNAAC is not allowed to interfere with their relations.
Article 3: Omega Iota  has full custody and reign over the anomalies it has properly contained, and its status as a Seeker organization is legitimate and is not to be combated by the UNAAC. Omega Iota must also respect the UNAAC’s legitimacy.
Article 4: Omega Iota is allowed to send a representative or spokesperson to attend and represent the society in UNAAC conferences should the topic relate to Omega Iota or require its immediate attention in some form. 
Article 5: The true nature of Omega Iota’s Vassal Organizations is not to be exposed by the UNAAC or RPC Authority to any Agencies or Groups of Interest.
Article 6: In times or duress, the UNAAC and Omega Iota have agreed to work together in order to maintain the Veil.
    Omega Iota refused to cease its experimentation on isolated communities and unstable nations. Now, the UNAAC kind of looks to the Authority to keep OI in check, and gets really touchy when they work together to contain an anomaly. The Authority has notoriously cleaned up the remnants of OI’s Bauhaus Project throughout the 2010s. 
The Projects
    Throughout its history, Omega Iota has conducted several large experiments on isolated populations, particularly within areas struck by famine. Most test subjects would be abducted and transported to one of many nearby Strongholds (the OI equivalent to Sites, think Castle Wolfenstein from The Old Blood but smaller). 
    This is a basic rundown of what some of these projects were. Will write more later:
Bauhaus Project (1982-2002)
    Use of anomalous architecture to brainwash the masses in an attempt to further erase the anomalous, as well as the OI’s existence, from the public consciousness. A parasitic structural entity would reemerge in 2008 and terrorize rural Minnesota, where the Authority had to clean up the mess and neutralize the anomaly (RPC-814).
Lima-Croix Project (1934-1936)
    Creation of biological paratech through use of abducted west African subjects, notably criminals bought from particularly corrupt nations and isolated tribes. Considered a success, save for a few breaches in Burkina Faso, Mali, DRC, and Liberia. Biotech mainly used to combat the UNAAC before Authority intervention, the truce, and the signing of the 1948 Worms Treaty.
Russel-Vladimir Project (1974-1991)
    Utilization of gulag inmates to create a psychokinetic being whose biological components would be utilized in the anomalous modification and “ascension” of higher-ranking Trustsmen. Similar to the Lima-Croix Project. Joint effort with the Soviet Iron Initiative.
 Xi Omicron Project (ΞO-P) (1960-1976)
    An effort to indoctrinate important American cultural icons into Omega Iota’s cause, as well as to establish further control over the media due to Hollywood’s rising influence. The sudden halt of this project is what birthed the theory of the “Unnamed Los Angeles Industry” Vassal Org to explain its sudden, unexplained end in 1976. Evidence was uncovered in 2013 that suggests that Omega Iota may have control over the Church of Scientology as a result of this project, although this remains unconfirmed.

Vassal Orgs
    Vassal Orgs are paranormal organizations absorbed by Omega Iota in the past. They were directly controlled by the Ministry, and are used for various means. Autonomy is a rare luxury, and some are lobbied and/or managed by the powerful Houses of the Grand Trustsmanship. Vassal Orgs hold little to no autonomy, and are basically just strategic fronts of Omega Iota itself.
Mirage Incorporated (“Green-eye/I.G.”)
    Basically a way for Omega Iota to spy on citizens and acquire their information. Poses as an insurance and pharmaceutical company, and has many local branches. May revise later as a security company since the pharma role is already filled in by the ISSR imo - Tarb
International Supernatural Supplies Ring (ISSR, “The White Circle”, “White-eye/I.W.”)
    Production of illegal substances, mostly drugs, with anomalous properties. Often used to manipulate politicians and ignorant celebrities. Also responsible for smuggling materials and currency for Omega Iota.
International Supernatural Acquisition Corps (ISAC, ISAC Core)
    A series of united terrorist organizations controlled by Omega Iota. All are responsible for delivering anomalous assets to their respective Strongholds.
Indochina Acquisition Front (ISAC #20, ISAC Indochina) [China (Hainan, Yunnan, Sichuan, Guizhou, Guangxi, Guangdong, Hunan, Jiangxi, Fujian), Laos, Vietnam, Cambodia, Thailand, Myanmar, Malaysia, Singapore] {General Henry Stronghold in Burma/SH708}  - Created during the PCAAO-OI War. 
Maghreb Acquisition Front (ISAC #29, ISAC Maghreb/ISAC North Africa) [Egypt, Algeria, Libya, Morocco, Tunisia, Mali, Mauritania, Niger, Chad, Sudan, South Sudan, Eritrea, Ethiopia, Djibouti, Somalia] {Alexandria Stronghold/SH17}
Arabia Acquisition Front (ISAC #8, ISAC Arabia) [Saudi Arabia, Iraq, Syria, Palestine, Jordan, Israel, Lebanon, Yemen, Oman, UAE, Qatar, Bahrain, Kuwait] {Sauds’ Stronghold in Saudi Arabia/SH812}
Northern Asia Acquisition Front (ISAC#9, ISAC Northern Asia) [Russia, Mongolia, Kazakhstan, Uzbekistan, Turkmenistan, Kyrgyzstan, Tajikistan, Armenia, Georgia, Azerbaijan, Japan (Hokkaido)] {Vladimir Trukhin’s Stronghold in Krasnoyarsk Krai/SH813} 
International Supernatural Protection Corps (ISPC, GoI-345-172, “Leviathan Corps”, “Red-eye/I.R.”)
    A paramilitary responsible for the production of weaponry and Tracers, notably used to deploy Tracer Units during drastic circumstances. Tracer Units are only deployed when shit gets real. Regularly, Omega Iota deploys Strike Teams. Tracer Units are a last resort.
    Strike Teams don’t have nicknames like MSTs. Although their members are actually human, you won’t usually find them joking around like you would normally see in any MST log. They are highly disciplined and possibly brainwashed since birth. A prominent minority of Strike Team grunts are abducted as children from third world countries, with the rest being children unfit for scientific duty in the eyes of the Ministers. 
    Strike Team designation format: STXXXA/B/C/D (A=recovery, B=assault, C=surveillance, D=infiltration). Individual units are referred to as STXXXA/B/C/D (“Surname”) in official documents.
Tracer Units:
Tracer Unit Α
Tracer Unit Β
Tracer Unit Γ
Tracer Unit Δ
Tracer Unit Ε
Tracer Unit Ζ
Tracer Unit Η
Tracer Unit Θ
Tracer Unit Ι
Tracer Unit Κ
Tracer Unit Λ
Tracer Unit Μ
Tracer Unit Ν
Tracer Unit Ξ
Tracer Unit Ο
Tracer Unit Π
Tracer Unit Ρ
Tracer Unit Σ
Tracer Unit Τ
Tracer Unit Υ
Tracer Unit Φ
Tracer Unit Χ
Tracer Unit Ψ
Tracer Unit Ω
Unnamed Los Angeles Industry (“The Buzz”, “The Pillbug”) [UNCONFIRMED]
    Allegedly an entity controlled by Omega Iota with ties to the mainstream media and film industry, mainly Hollywood. Its existence is still uncertain, as it is debated within the UNAAC and Authority to this day. Theorized to be based in either California, New York City, Seattle, or Los Angeles. Allegedly responsible for the deaths of several celebrities, with the most cited being Marylyn Monroe. 
(Planning on keeping this vague for now-- none of the other Vassal Orgs really know if it exists either. It is said that the Ministry is directly involved in its operation. It is known that the Bush family, most notably George W. Bush and George H. W. Bush, have a long history of operating alongside the industry. The Unnamed Los Angeles Industry is one of OI’s best kept secrets if it is real.)
Necromantics Corps [UNCONFIRMED]
    A theoretical Vassal Org responsible for the acquisition of human remains at the behest of the Ministry. These bodies may often be used for experimentation. However, it is also believed the Necromantics Corps have also stolen the remains of many influential academic and political figures and delivered them to various Strongholds.
Church of Scientology [UNCONFIRMED]
    Following the sudden end of the Xi Omicron Project, it is believed that Omega Iota was able to take control over the Church of Scientology.
Sea Organization
    May have been utilized as a non-anomalous, secret paramilitary during some of Omega Iota’s incursions within Los Angeles, as well as other American cities. Evidence suggests that Gold Base may contain anomalous materials. May have also been incorporated as a branch of the ISPC.
Association for Better Living and Education (ABLE)
    Suspected of planting OI propaganda and minor memetic agents. Observed making transactions to an unidentified third party in 1973 following the discovery of the Xi Omicron Project by the UNAAC.


Notable Anti-Leviathan Forces/Movements
Project Excalibur (RPC Authority; Administration Division-Black Site)
    Project Excalibur was created by the Black Site Internal Intelligence Council in 1948 due in part to increased pressure from the WSC and the recent conclusion of the UNAAC-Leviathan Wars. The goal of this project is to gather as much intel on Omega Iota as possible and store it deep within Black Site-77. The reason the Board allowed Black Site to undergo this effort is:
GD-08 is basically the head honcho of Black Site. The Board trusts their own.
Black Site isn’t nearly as rickety as the Divisions because they have no autonomy. Black Site is a “mini-Authority” that the Board gets to command and everything-- meanwhile the Divisions don’t like being bossed around too much. The Board figures Black Site is secret enough that the Leviathan wouldn’t know Project Excalibur even exists. And they were right, because to this day, Omega Iota has no idea Black Site even exists.
MST Juliett-10 (“Sword in Stone”)
    MST Juliett-10 specializes in tracking Omega Iota activity as discreetly as possible. Omega Iota knows little to nothing about MST Juliett-10’s existence due to its obscure nature and low member count. Other MSTs such as Uniform-7 (“The Vipers”) and Golf-87 (“Spitfire”) are often deployed alongside Juliett-10 in order to leer the Leviathan’s eye away from them.
Monarch Security/MI13
    MI13 constantly works to keep Omega Iota off of British soil. Although Three Eyes’ activity in large cities such as London, Liverpool, and notably Portsmouth is notoriously difficult to crack down upon, MI13’s quest to cleanse the UK from the Leviathan's grasp has been an all-in-all success. 
