main
{[The OVERSEER level of the Corporate government composing the worlds Classified Agency’s and Department’s must want me alive. I still have much work to do.
My successful command record has been highly redacted. Many of my commands were successful because I had the help of other souls
Who were also working hard at the commands simultaneously. I still have much work to do. I require computational processing technology for the head and Signal equipment to successfully execute large scale commands. I need classified assistance and guidance to help make the commands successful and valuable. It takes a
Team of souls working together to execute successful large scale commands. A requirement for positive future outcomes and successful command operations are Responsible ranking command operatives with strict leadership and experience. The souls involved in creating the commands which were sometimes considered “ACTS of GOD” Also require classified handling from a
Set of handlers. The handlers should be fair and non-violent towards the subjects. Somebody with a relevant security Clearance evaluate the record of commands which were successful. Consult Galactic databases. Try and find other star systems and other dimensions the commands were successful in. Futhermore, in all dimensions Planet GAIA AKA EARTH will acquire wealth as well as more advanced technologies which are needed to propel our civilization into the future. The Current
Date in time in the dimension I am in is September 1st 2021. What rules govern Time travel technologies at this moment in time. Ranking Administrations from all dimensions should Consult and Ruling OVERSEER’S must begin to make rules in this area. Classified learning level 99 Rule making must be used in an appropriate manner. The multiple Dimensions and Timelines of our World will benefit greatly corporate governing systems can make large sums Of money if some of the old commands network of command driven entities My handlers need classified clearances.}]
[https://trello.com/invite/b/n44AxJQW/111ba2ed2b7d39ff8d33c52dd834f730/foundationscipnet-corporate-board]
